All right, in the last section, we have finished with the nicks of installation, and we did the part
with the Google as well.
So no, we can sign in, but we haven't implemented yet the getting decision and see or hide the meaningful
file or the images when the person is signed out.
In order to get the session, we need to first go to visual studio code and we go to.
A file called Underline APT.
Yes.
This is the file that.
Is it exclusive to next year?
It covers everything and all your application at.
For example, here we return all the components and also the oldest styles are coming from here.
So if we cover and wrap this application, it means actually we wrapped all our website.
The first thing we need to do to achieve this.
And get the session is just the ad this session provided for this file.
So first, we need to import.
Session provider.
Session providers camel case for why wider?
And this is coming from Nick's.
Dash off.
Forward slash react.
So we are getting that one now.
And then we need to wrap it around our application.
I mean, around this component, so if we bring this one down, we return it by a parenthesis instead.
And here you going to cover this one with decision provider.
So we just efficient provider.
And they closed this.
And they bring this one inside.
And for the opening tag we need to add, we passed the session.
And first, we need to get it, get it from here.
So this way we call the page props and we get the session.
And the.
Page.
Props.
So instead of getting all the props that we distracted and get decision and pitch props.
Together and we passed this session.
Here we just a equals, Fisher.
So now we easily.
Let me check this session provider.
Solution, provide a reality check the.
Yeah, just be careful of this, but this one should be capitalized.
And this one to.
So now it's working.
So now we we covered everything inside our application.
Now we can get decision.
And each page.
So in order to get it, so for example, we want to get in the header.
In order to do so, we just need to go to yes.
And at a top.
We import.
U.S..
Something called youth.
From next.
Dash off forward slash reacts.
So we got your session here, and then here we can create a constant.
And we call it.
We can we can actually structured and get the data and be equal this one to use session, which is a
function.
But it's not actually good to call this one data.
We can call this one session, so we call it to.
Session.
All right.
So let's cancel lock session and see what we have inside session.
Right.
Yeah, it's crooked this good here, and uh.
Let's open our consul.
Using.
If 12.
No, we don't have any, actually.
Session in Hethersett undefined, let's refresh the page.
Yeah.
No, you're getting actually actually, uh, sometimes because, uh, we restart a server.
A decision is not shown and it's actually basically we sign out.
But actually, when you deploy your website and this stuff never happened because you never restarted
your server, your service is always running.
So make sure to always refresh the page to get the session.
So now we have this session here we open it and see that it has expiration date.
Let me zoom out a little bit.
You can see or you can hear me.
Yeah, I was almost like this.
Yeah, we have the expiration date, which I think it's about one month.
The Google provides the Earth.
Then then you have to use it.
So we are getting my email.
We are getting my haymitch address.
The image that it equals, I upload it inside my Google and also add my name.
And also we have something else called the token that gives me the, uh, my user I.D..
So that no.
Based on this information, we can update.
Here, this image.
This is a static image I put, but let's make it my Google image, which has a white background.
So inside this, uh.
Let's cover this right section, because we want this one to be so in the right section.
So after this dinner and after this home icon.
We we are going to use that session to cover this part.
You just say session, if this session existed, then we want to.
Show this parts, so we.
Copy this recorded, and they bring it up.
But it should be inside empty fragments because of the rules and react components.
So we need to bring them everything inside an empty fragment or a death.
OK, after this, we say if this session is not exist, otherwise, we want to just create something
else.
We just want to have a button that's saying sign in.
And.
OK, let's know, we can see the sign in.
Refresh, suppose we should be silent because, yes, last time I sign in.
All right.
So now actually, we are signing, we're seeing the image.
And then instead of seeing these hard coded image, I want to see the image from my Gmail.
So which is inside edition dot user?
Dot.
I think image.
Now you can see the real image from my.
Uh, Google.
So let's make it the mix, add a sign out button as well, so we can sign out and see there is actually
a very easy things that we can do to signing a sign out which we can get from mix of react.
So we can bring in two things sign in.
And sign out.
So both of them actually easily sign in or sign out us from this session.
So we used this sign in inside the this button that we are.
We just created.
So we just make it and click and make it function, and the function is going to call that sign in.
Or we can simply remove this one.
And also, we don't need the parenthesis as well, because it's unclear.
So both are correct.
You can use both of them.
And for a sign in, I want when we click on the image, I want to sign out, actually.
So here, just the added unclear and similar what we did at the bottom, which is instead of signing,
we just say, sign out.
All right.
Now we just need to test it.
Let's refresh the page, as I mentioned before, because of restarting this server, we we sign out,
but actually we are signing and we need to refresh the page.
So when I click on the.
My image.
I should sign up.
Now we just see the sign in button and we don't see my image.
So we try again, we do sign here.
It's brings us is actually a wrong.
Hedge.
Bring us to off site in.
Yeah, the problem is why he brought us here.
To API, this slash of signing instead of just off sign in because in.
Show you.
In next off that, yes.
Here.
We that's we made a mistake here, we should write sign in with a Capitol sign.
So now we save this file.
We go back to our home page and we click on Sign, and it should brings us to the correct page, which
we created in the last video.
All right.
Now we are in the signing page, we can sign in with Google because I already had, uh, provided my
information on, I only have one Google account.
Inside, I got inside my gym directly.
So let let me ask another G.M. accounts.
So we have to actually.
So another email quote, it's a hand at G.M. dot com.
Let me quickly provide.
My password.
Yeah.
So now we have two accounts inside Google.
So let's try the other one.
So we sign in with Google here.
And this time I choose the other accounts.
All right, now, we can see a different image.
So let's modify this mini profile section as well, or just the video is getting too long, so we do
it in the next video and in the next section, we're going to modify this mini profile section.
We get the real user name and the image.
And also we're going to end the image at the beginning of this story section.
Like the one we have in the final.
Version.
In the final version, if you sign in.
Uh.
For example, with this court, it's a hand we can't see my image here at the beginning of this story
with the plus sign at a top as well.
So let's put everything get half now, we just take it at.
Gets comments and the message would be.
Get the fish in.
And modify the header
components.
With the with Google data, so we push it inside GitHub and we could just check here.
We refresh the page.
Now we have 18 commits.
And the last one is get decision and modify the hair component of the Google data, we have re-imported
news session sign in a sign out from Nicks of React.
Then we got this session using use session function.
And we instead of just directly doing the head section, we had a decision and we say if the person
is signed and show this part.
Otherwise, show the button just saying sign an app that yes, we.
Implement it decision provider from next off, react and be covered all our website with the system
provider.
And finally, in next years, we fixed our.
Mistake, which was signed in all lower case to Campbell case.
All right.
In the next section, we are going to modify the mini profile section and also the beginning of the
story section.
So see you in the next section.